Small edits (#1)
aperiosoftware/astropy-project: finance/proposal-calls/cycle4/aperio_general.md

#### `astropy.io.fits`

> This proposal will fund Robitaille for his work co-maintaining `astropy.io.fits`, continuing funding that was awarded to him to start working on this in 2023. The focus of this work will be to continue to resolve bugs  related to the refactoring of the compression module and improve performance, as well as more general maintenance of the sub-package. There are currently over [160 open issues](https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aio.fits) for the io.fits sub-package alone, and therefore no shortage of work.

Reviewer: Sort of the same thing as the vis comment. Want to put the focus on the specific rather than the general.
```suggestion
This proposal will fund Robitaille for his work co-maintaining `astropy.io.fits`, continuing funding that was awarded to him to start working on this in 2023.
In addition to as general maintenance of the sub-package, the focus of this work will be to continue to resolve bugs related to the refactoring of the compression module and to continue to improve performance.
There are currently over [160 open issues](https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aio.fits) for the io.fits sub-package alone, and therefore no shortage of work.
```

#### `astropy.timeseries`

Robitaille will continue co-maintaining the [astropy.timeseries](https://docs.astropy.org/en/stable/visualization/wcsaxes/) sub-package as required.

#### `astropy.visualization.wcsaxes`

> Robitaille and Mumford will continue to maintain the [astropy.visualization.wcsaxes](https://docs.astropy.org/en/stable/visualization/wcsaxes/) sub-package, which is used to make plots of a wide range of different data with any APE 14-compliant WCS. We will work on some of the [open issues](https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Avisualization.wcsaxes) as well as new issues that come up, and will also investigate ways of improving the performance of the plotting.

Reviewer: I worry this sentence is a little to watery and noncommittal. Should we focus on the performance improvement part?
